Enforce the Core service for a core application (#320)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/manuals/running_services/index.md

    tp.run(core)
```

By starting the Core service, all configuration will be blocked from update to prepare for job execution.
To continue configure your application, stop the Core service by running `core.stop()`.

!!! Note

>     On a Taipy application that using Core API, running Core service is required to execute job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    On a Taipy application that uses Core API, running Core service is required to execute jobs.
```

Author: Silly me ...

>     On a Taipy application that uses Core API, running Core service is required to execute jobs.

Reviewer 2: => "... that uses the Taipy Core API, running the Core"
